# codefundo
my first project
If there arises a situation which is not in our control then the best thing which can happen is, we should know the extent of the problem and its after effects. Thus if we can predict the consiquences, the better we can be prepared for the coming problem. Also if we can predict when the problem is to arrive we can reduce the loss which was actually going to happen. And also we can have pre-planned strategies to fight such situations. Thus I want to develop something that actually helps people on mass scale. And this is the second time I am getting a platform to bring some change and help the society.
We will have to analyse the data of the disasters from the past years, mainly about the extent of the damage, the time around which it is going to occur, the hitting location, the starting location, its duration, the expenditure it will demand, the resources needed to overcome from the situation, the most important "its main cause", like why was it caused or what made it more divastating. 
we also have to get account of the data of the geothermic temperatures in the various parts of the world, so that we can also know if there are some new places which will be affected from the disasters in the coming years also we should account for the global warming because due to global warming the glaciers are melting and due to that the sea water level is rising which will surely be affecting the coastal areas all around the world, we should analyse the weather all around the world which will give us the data for the direction of the winds at different times of the day and the year. So we get to know that which are the areas more vulnerable to the disasters.
